The story takes places in a land where soul switching is doable and easily available.
Souls are a huge industry and vary from big corporations that can permanently change your soul to small merchants changing parts of one's brain temporarily.
You are Saen, a soul developer that can create any kind of algorithm so your brain operates in specific ways. Souls are all chemicals after all. You essentially make some parts of the brain operate more intensely and others less.
You are a small-time fry who works together with a travelling merchant of souls and you make enough just to pass by. You have big dreams though.
Telepathy is also a thing in this world and you want to create an interconnected soul based on the part of the brain that is responsible for kindness.
Your plan is to develop a soul telepathy program, meaning a brain can willingly change the soul of another person if they accept it.
The problem is a capability such as this holds immense power and you are afraid that it will be abused.
You decide that you have to try it first on yourself and you do so.
The results are amazing. Since noone else has the same program you can change the soul of anyone just by thinking of them, no need for them to accept.
You start making people differents variations of kind. Some love animals, some people, some simply enjoy being calm and serene by themselves. Everyone is thoughtful and respectful of one another though.
You decide to present your program to a big company that can permanently change souls called Calypso.
As you present them the idea they start laughing and tell you they already have this capability and there are people who can do that in secret already. If they have enough money.
They call the police and report you. You try to change their mind with your ability but you're instantly blocked.
You start running leaving behind all your equipment. You find the merchant you work with and tell them everything's that's happened. You give him a back up of your program
and tell him to use it on as many people as possible. It's the only way they can defend against anyone trying to change their soul at will.
You take the car and try to move to another country but on the road the police finds you and stops you. They take you to the Calypso offices.
The manager there asks you what your plan was and you explain about one intreconnected brain based on kindness.
He tells you your goals are similar. There is a plan though and it has to be structured. He threatens you that if you don't comply with them they will destroy you.
Suddenly an explosion is heard somewhere nearby.
Apparently the program has already spread to a big part of the city you're in and chaos has ensued by the people who can now change souls at will.
Days pass and the problem has become so immense noone can actually do anything about it. Policemen turn on one another randomly, same as common people.
You decide it's time for action. Since everything in the brain is a chemical you decide to take devicive action. You work with Calypso and secretly put poison in the city's supply chain
so everyone sleeps.
As they do so, you start robbing them of their soul changing ability.
After a few days the city is saved. You are hired by Calypso and they explain the plan to you.
It's simply trial and error. The more educated the people are the more chances are they will use their power to do good.
A kind soul does not mean that everyone understands the power of such immense responsibility as changing another one's soul.
So we have to move slow, watch and learn ourselves.
The problem is now people know about this ability and there's unrest.
People demand this power.
Riots erupt thoughout the land and you have no other choice but to offer a program in cooperation with Calypso.
People need to be educated. They take some years of classes and if they are successful this power is granted to them for free.
Other corporations and the government offer similar programs.
After about 30 years, most people have this ability and the world is changed.
Now everyone is one big Soul that loves on another and can work together. :)
